This world is not as simple as you think
I knew it, but I didn't do it.
Then my consequences will be worse than sloppy
I just want to live and take a step up
Am I wrong?
Naturally for someone like you
But there's something I don't understand
Is the Rakshasa Lake national master product not big enough?
Why do you bother
To please a mere imperial teacher?
It's nothing but fearless ignorance.
My Rakshasa Kingdom was founded for a thousand years
A dozen emperors before and after
There is only one imperial master, understand?
With such a long life, he is grooming. Does it matter who he is?
I only need to know one thing
Lord Imperial Preceptor is supreme
Absolutely not provocative
He set all the rules of the Rakshasa Kingdom
Don't let such an unreasonable rule
What the hell do you know?
The power of state affairs is boundless, you can't understand it
As far as your rebel army is concerned
It's just vulnerable in front of state affairs
Anyway, Ma Liang, you did a good job this time
What reward do you want?
Reward I don't need
If you have to say it
Then my brother's freedom is impossible
Maggie can't leave the mansion
Then give me back the pencil.
That's impossible either
I still have something for you to do
I can't return the pencil to you until I'm done.
This won't work, and neither will that.
The last one has to work
Let go